[Docs] [Data] Update Batch Inference end-to-end guide (#36018)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/data/batch_inference.rst

.. _batch_inference_home:

Running Batch Inference
=======================
End-to-end: Offline Batch Inference
===================================

.. note::

    In this tutorial you'll learn what batch inference is, why you might want to use
    Ray for it, and how to use Ray Data effectively for this task.
    If you are familiar with the basics of inference tasks, jump straight to
    code in the :ref:`quickstart section <batch_inference_quickstart>`, our detailed
    :ref:`walk-through<batch_inference_walk_through>`,
    or our :ref:`in-depth guide for PyTorch models<batch_inference_advanced_pytorch_example>`.
.. tip::

Batch inference refers to generating model predictions on a set of input data.

> The model can range from a simple Python function to a complex neural network.

Reviewer: all this stuff is info I deeply believe new users want to read.

Author: This is still there in the first paragraph right?

>     `Get in touch with us <https://forms.gle/sGX7PQhheBGL6yxQ6>`_ if you are interested in Ray Data for offline batch inference. We believe we have the fastest & cheapest solution out there and would be happy to work with you on a POC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `Get in touch <https://forms.gle/sGX7PQhheBGL6yxQ6>`_ to get help using Ray Data, the industry's fastest and cheapest solution for offline batch inference. 
```

> .. dropdown:: Faster and Cheaper for modern Deep Learning Applications

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. dropdown:: Faster and cheaper for modern deep learning applications
```

>     Ray Data is for deep learning applications that involve both CPU preprocessing and GPU inference. Ray Data streams the working data from CPU preprocessing tasks to GPU inferencing tasks, allowing you to utilize both sets of resources concurrently.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Ray Data is built for deep learning applications that involve both CPU preprocessing and GPU inference. Ray Data streams the working data from CPU preprocessing tasks to GPU inferencing tasks, allowing you to utilize both sets of resources concurrently.
```
```suggestion
    Ray Data is designed for deep learning applications that involve both CPU preprocessing and GPU inference. Ray Data streams the working data from CPU preprocessing tasks to GPU inferencing tasks, allowing you to utilize both sets of resources concurrently.
```

>     Ray Data is for deep learning applications that involve both CPU preprocessing and GPU inference. Ray Data streams the working data from CPU preprocessing tasks to GPU inferencing tasks, allowing you to utilize both sets of resources concurrently.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Ray Data is for deep learning applications that involve both CPU preprocessing and GPU inference. Ray Data streams working data from CPU preprocessing tasks to GPU inferencing tasks, allowing you to utilize both sets of resources concurrently.
```

>     Ray Data is for deep learning applications that involve both CPU preprocessing and GPU inference. Ray Data streams the working data from CPU preprocessing tasks to GPU inferencing tasks, allowing you to utilize both sets of resources concurrently.

Reviewer 3: I think we want "use" in this case since it's not referring to a quantity?

> Use with caution. Don't use utilize when you mean use. It's OK to use utilize or utilization when referring to the quantity of a resource being used.

```suggestion
    Ray Data is for deep learning applications that involve both CPU preprocessing and GPU inference. Ray Data streams the working data from CPU preprocessing tasks to GPU inferencing tasks, allowing you to use both sets of resources concurrently.
```

Author: This is referring to actual CPU and GPU utilization

>     Ray Data is built for deep learning applications that involve both CPU preprocessing and GPU inference. Ray Data streams the working data from CPU preprocessing tasks to GPU inferencing tasks, allowing both sets of resources to be utilized concurrently.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Ray Data is for deep learning applications that involve both CPU preprocessing and GPU inference. Ray Data streams the working data from CPU preprocessing tasks to GPU inferencing tasks, allowing you to utilize both sets of resources concurrently.
```

>     By using Ray Data your GPUs are no longer idle during CPU computation, reducing overall cost of the batch inference job.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    By using Ray Data, your GPUs are no longer idle during CPU computation, reducing the overall cost of the batch inference job.
```

.. dropdown:: Cloud, framework, and data format agnostic

    Ray Data has no restrictions on cloud provider, ML framework, or data format.
    

>     Through the :ref:`Ray cluster launcher <cluster-index>`, you can start a Ray cluster on any of the popular cloud providers. Since Ray Data works with any Python function or class, you can use any ML framework of your choice, including PyTorch, HuggingFace, or Tensorflow. Ray Data also does not require a particular file format, and supports a :ref:`wide variety of formats <loading_data>` including CSV, Parquet, raw images, etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Through the :ref:`Ray cluster launcher <cluster-index>`, you can start a Ray cluster on any popular cloud provider. Since Ray Data works with any Python function or class, you can use any ML framework, including PyTorch, HuggingFace, or Tensorflow. Ray Data also does not require a particular file format, and supports a :ref:`wide variety of formats <loading_data>` including CSV, Parquet, raw images, etc.
```

Feel like "Since Ray Data works with any Python function or class" doesn't really say much. Like, I get what you mean, but I don't think this would be meaningful to new users.

>     Through the :ref:`Ray cluster launcher <cluster-index>`, you can start a Ray cluster on any of the popular cloud providers. Since Ray Data works with any Python function or class, you can use any ML framework of your choice, including PyTorch, HuggingFace, or Tensorflow. Ray Data also does not require a particular file format, and supports a :ref:`wide variety of formats <loading_data>` including CSV, Parquet, raw images, etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Through the :ref:`Ray cluster launcher <cluster-index>`, you can start a Ray cluster on any of the popular cloud providers. Since Ray Data works with any Python function or class, you can use any ML framework of your choice, including PyTorch, HuggingFace, or Tensorflow. Ray Data also does not require a particular file format, and supports a :ref:`wide variety of formats <loading_data>` including CSV, Parquet, and raw images.
```

> Avoid using etc., and so forth, and and so on wherever possible. If you really need to use one, use etc. Always include the period, even if a comma follows immediately after.

https://developers.google.com/style/word-list

>     Through the :ref:`Ray cluster launcher <cluster-index>`, you can start a Ray cluster on any of the common cloud providers. Since Ray Data works with any Python function or class, you can use any ML framework of your choice, including PyTorch, HuggingFace, or Tensorflow. Ray Data also does not require a particular file format, and supports a :ref:`wide variety of formats <loading_data>` including CSV, Parquet, raw images, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Through the :ref:`Ray cluster launcher <cluster-index>`, you can start a Ray cluster on any of the popular cloud providers. Since Ray Data works with any Python function or class, you can use any ML framework of your choice, including PyTorch, HuggingFace, or Tensorflow. Ray Data also does not require a particular file format, and supports a :ref:`wide variety of formats <loading_data>` including CSV, Parquet, raw images, etc.
```

.. dropdown:: Out of the box scaling

>     Ray Data is built on Ray, so it easily scales to many machines. The code that works on one machine also runs on a large cluster without any modifications.

Reviewer 3: Think "changes" has same meaning but shorter?

```suggestion
    Ray Data is built on Ray, so it easily scales to many machines. Code that works on one machine also runs on a large cluster without any changes.
```

>     Ray Data is built on Ray, so it easily scales to many machines. The same code that works on one machine also runs on a large cluster without any changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Ray Data is built on Ray, so it easily scales to many machines. The code that works on one machine also runs on a large cluster without any modifications.
```

.. dropdown:: Python first

>     With Ray Data, you can express your inference job directly in Python instead of

Reviewer 3: Nit: all of the other dropdowns start with "Ray Data is/has..." Would be nice to do the same here for consistency, but not sure how we'd reword it

Author: This still works? "Ray Data is Python first"

>     YAML files or other formats. This allows for faster iterations, easier debugging, and more native developer experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    YAML or other formats, allowing for faster iterations, easier debugging, and a native developer experience.
```

.. _batch_inference_quickstart:

Quickstart
----------

> To start, install Ray with the data processing library, Ray Data:

Reviewer 3: Feel like "Ray with the data processing library" can be inferred from Ray Data.

```suggestion
To start, install Ray Data:
```

.. code-block:: bash

>     pip install ray[data]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    pip install "ray[data]"
```

> Then, use Ray Data for offline inference in 4 simple steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using Ray Data for offline inference involves four basic steps:
```

> | **Step 1:** Load your data into a Ray Dataset. Ray Data supports many different data types and formats. See :ref:`Loading Data <loading_data>` for more details.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| **Step 1:** Load your data into a Ray Dataset. Ray Data supports many different data sources and formats. See :ref:`Loading Data <loading_data>` for more details.
```
types and formats are kind of redundant.

> | **Step 1:** Load in your data into a Ray Dataset. Many different data types and formats are supported, see :ref:`Loading Data <loading_data>` for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Step 1:** Load your data into a Ray Dataset. Ray Data supports many different data types and formats. See :ref:`Loading Data <loading_data>` for more details.
```

> | **Step 2:** Load the pre-trained model in a Python class. 

Reviewer 4: This sounds like we are already "loading" the model into memory in this step. Something like "Define a Python class that will load a pre-trained model and use it for inference" would be more clear.

> | **Step 2:** Loading the pre-trained model in a Python class. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Step 2:** Load the pre-trained model in a Python class. 
```

| **Step 3:** Transform your dataset using the pre-trained model by calling :meth:`ds.map_batches() <ray.data.Dataset.map_batches>`. See :ref:`Transforming Data <transforming-data>` for more details.

> | **Step 4:** Get the final predictions by either iterating through the output or saving the results. See :ref:`Consuming data <consuming_data>` for more details.

Reviewer 3: These might look better if they're indented bullet points (we can keep the bolded **Step n**)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| **Step 1:** Load your data into a Ray Dataset. Ray Data supports many different data types and formats. For more details, see :ref:`Loading Data <loading_data>`.
| **Step 2:** Load the pre-trained model in a Python class. 
| **Step 3:** Transform your dataset using the pre-trained model by calling :meth:`ds.map_batches() <ray.data.Dataset.map_batches>`. For more details, see :ref:`Transforming Data <transforming-data>` 
| **Step 4:** Get the final predictions by either iterating through the output or saving the results. For more details, see :ref:`Consuming Data <consuming_data>` 
```
> If you want to tell the reader to do something, try to mention the circumstance, conditions, or goal before you provide the instruction. Mentioning the circumstance first lets the reader skip the instruction if it doesn't apply. For information about how to apply this guideline to procedural instructions, see [Procedures](https://developers.google.com/style/procedures).

> See :ref:`below <batch_inference_examples>` for more in-depth examples for your use case or how to :ref:`configure inference <batch_inference_configuration>`.

Reviewer 3: Not sure how you'd exactly word this since there are two links, but place the "For ..." first. Also, "below" isn't ideal link text. Something like "More examples" might be better. 

> Write unique, descriptive link text that makes sense without the surrounding text. Don't use phrases such as this document, this article, or click here.

 https://developers.google.com/style/link-text

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: HuggingFace
        
        .. testcode::
            
            from typing import Dict
            import numpy as np

            import ray
            
            # Step 1: Create a Ray Dataset from in-memory Numpy arrays.
            # You can also create a Ray Dataset from many other sources and file
            # formats.
            ds = ray.data.from_numpy(np.asarray(["Complete this", "for me"]))

            # Step 2: Define a Predictor class for inference.

>             # Use a class so the model can be initialized just once in `__init__`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # Use a class so the model is initialized just once in `__init__`
```

            # and then re-used for inference across multiple batches.
            class HuggingFacePredictor:
                def __init__(self):
                    from transformers import pipeline
                    # Initialize a pre-trained GPT2 Huggingface pipeline.
                    self.model = pipeline("text-generation", model="gpt2")

                # Logic for inference on 1 batch of data.
                def __call__(self, batch: Dict[str, np.ndarray]) -> Dict[str, list]:
                    # Get the predictions from the input batch.
                    predictions = self.model(list(batch["data"]), max_length=20, num_return_sequences=1)
                    # `predictions` is a list of length-one lists. For example:
                    # [[{'generated_text': 'output_1'}], ..., [{'generated_text': 'output_2'}]]
                    # Modify the output to get it into the following format instead:
                    # ['output_1', 'output_2']
                    batch["output"] = [sequences[0]["generated_text"] for sequences in predictions]
                    return batch

>             # Use 2 parallel actors for inference. Each actor will predict on a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # Use 2 parallel actors for inference. Each actor predicts on a
```

            # different partition of data.
            scale = ray.data.ActorPoolStrategy(size=2)
            # Step 3: Map the Predictor over the Dataset to get predictions.
            predictions = ds.map_batches(HuggingFacePredictor, compute=scale)
            # Step 4: Show one prediction output.
            predictions.show(limit=1)
        
        .. testoutput::

>             {'data': 'Complete this', 'output': "Complete this article through the web and check our FAQ.\n\nAre you a vegetarian? We'll"}

Reviewer 3: Is this determinsitc? If not, we might want to do

```
.. testoutput::
    :options: +MOCK
```

        

    .. group-tab:: PyTorch

        .. testcode::

            from typing import Dict
            import numpy as np
            import torch
            import torch.nn as nn

            import ray

            # Step 1: Create a Ray Dataset from in-memory Numpy arrays.
            # You can also create a Ray Dataset from many other sources and file
            # formats.
            ds = ray.data.from_numpy(np.ones((1, 100)))

            # Step 2: Define a Predictor class for inference.

>             # Use a class so the model can be initialized just once in `__init__`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # Use a class to initialize the model just once in `__init__`
```

>             # and then re-used for inference across multiple batches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # and re-use it for inference across multiple batches.
```

            class TorchPredictor:
                def __init__(self):
                    # Load a dummy neural network.

>                     # Replace this with your pre-trained model.

Author: reworded

                    self.model = nn.Sequential(
                        nn.Linear(in_features=100, out_features=1),
                        nn.Sigmoid(),
                    )
                    self.model.eval()

                # Logic for inference on 1 batch of data.
                def __call__(self, batch: Dict[str, np.ndarray]) -> Dict[str, np.ndarray]:
                    tensor = torch.as_tensor(batch["data"], dtype=torch.float32)
                    with torch.inference_mode():
                        # Get the predictions from the input batch.
                        return {"output": self.model(tensor).numpy()}

            # Use 2 parallel actors for inference. Each actor will predict on a
            # different partition of data.
            scale = ray.data.ActorPoolStrategy(size=2)

>             # Step 3: Map the the predictor over the dataset to get predictions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # Step 3: Map the the Predictor over the Dataset to get predictions.
```

            predictions = ds.map_batches(TorchPredictor, compute=scale)
            # Step 4: Show one prediction output.
            predictions.show(limit=1)

        .. testoutput::

            {'output': array([0.5590901], dtype=float32)}

    .. group-tab:: TensorFlow

        .. testcode::

            from typing import Dict
            import numpy as np

            import ray
            
            # Step 1: Create a Ray Dataset from in-memory Numpy arrays.
            # You can also create a Ray Dataset from many other sources and file
            # formats.
            ds = ray.data.from_numpy(np.ones((1, 100)))

            # Step 2: Define a Predictor class for inference.

>             # Use a class so the model can be initialized just once in `__init__`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # Use a class so the model is initialized just once in `__init__`
```

>             # and then re-used for inference across multiple batches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # and re-use it for inference across multiple batches.
```

            class TFPredictor:
                def __init__(self):
                    from tensorflow import keras

                    # Load a dummy neural network.

>                     # Replace this with your pre-trained model.

Author: reworded

                    input_layer = keras.Input(shape=(100,))
                    output_layer = keras.layers.Dense(1, activation="sigmoid")
                    self.model = keras.Sequential([input_layer, output_layer])

                # Logic for inference on 1 batch of data.
                def __call__(self, batch: Dict[str, np.ndarray]) -> Dict[str, np.ndarray]:
                    # Get the predictions from the input batch.
                    return {"output": self.model(batch["data"]).numpy()}

            # Use 2 parallel actors for inference. Each actor will predict on a
            # different partition of data.
            scale = ray.data.ActorPoolStrategy(size=2)
            # Step 3: Map the the predictor over the dataset to get predictions.
            predictions = ds.map_batches(TFPredictor, compute=scale)
             # Step 4: Show one prediction output.
            predictions.show(limit=1)

        .. testoutput::

            {'output': array([0.625576], dtype=float32)}

.. _batch_inference_examples:

> More Examples

Author: for the section titles don't we want maximal capitalization?

> More Examples

Reviewer 2: The industry has moved to sentence case for section headings. I recommend that we follow the Google Developer Style Guide: https://developers.google.com/style/capitalization#:~:text=Capitalization%20in%20titles%20and%20headings,-In%20document%20titles&text=That%20is%2C%20capitalize%20only%20the,of%20a%20title%20or%20heading.

> More Examples

Author: got it, thanks for sharing! updated

-------------
- :doc:`Image Classification Batch Inference with PyTorch ResNet18 </data/examples/pytorch_resnet_batch_prediction>` 
- :doc:`Object Detection Batch Inference with PyTorch FasterRCNN_ResNet50 </data/examples/batch_inference_object_detection>`
- :doc:`Image Classification Batch Inference with Huggingface Vision Transformer </data/examples/huggingface_vit_batch_prediction>`

.. _batch_inference_configuration:

> Configuration & troubleshooting

Reviewer 3: > Don't use & instead of and in headings, text, navigation, or tables of contents.
```suggestion
Configuration and troubleshooting
```

> Configuration & Troubleshooting

Author: for the section titles don't we want maximal capitalization?

-------------------------------

.. _batch_inference_gpu:

Using GPUs for inference
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To use GPUs for inference, make the following changes to your code:

> 1. Update the class implementation to move the model and data to and from GPU device.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Update the class implementation to move the model and data to and from GPU.
```
```suggestion
1. Update the class implementation to move the model and data to and from the GPU device.
```

> 2. Specify `num_gpus=1` in the :meth:`ds.map_batches() <ray.data.Dataset.map_batches>` or call to indicate that each actor should use 1 GPU. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Specify `num_gpus=1` in the :meth:`ds.map_batches() <ray.data.Dataset.map_batches>` call to indicate that each actor should use 1 GPU. 
```

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: HuggingFace
        
        .. testcode::
            
            from typing import Dict
            import numpy as np

            import ray
            
            ds = ray.data.from_numpy(np.asarray(["Complete this", "for me"]))

            class HuggingFacePredictor:
                def __init__(self):
                    from transformers import pipeline
                    # Set "cuda:0" as the device so the Huggingface pipeline uses GPU.
                    self.model = pipeline("text-generation", model="gpt2", device="cuda:0")

                def __call__(self, batch: Dict[str, np.ndarray]) -> Dict[str, list]:
                    predictions = self.model(list(batch["data"]), max_length=20, num_return_sequences=1)
                    batch["output"] = [sequences[0]["generated_text"] for sequences in predictions]
                    return batch

            # Use 2 actors, each actor using 1 GPU. 2 GPUs total.
            predictions = ds.map_batches(
                HuggingFacePredictor, 
                num_gpus=1,
                # Set the ActorPool size to the number of GPUs in your cluster.

>                 compute=ray.data.ActorPoolStrategy(size=2) 
>                 )

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
                compute=ray.data.ActorPoolStrategy(size=2),
            )
```

                    from tensorflow import keras
                    
                    # Move the neural network to GPU by specifying the GPU device.
                    with tf.device("GPU:0"):
                        input_layer = keras.Input(shape=(100,))
                        output_layer = keras.layers.Dense(1, activation="sigmoid")
                        self.model = keras.Sequential([input_layer, output_layer])

                def __call__(self, batch: Dict[str, np.ndarray]) -> Dict[str, np.ndarray]:
                    # Move the input batch to GPU by specifying GPU device.
                    with tf.device("GPU:0"):
                        return {"output": self.model(batch["data"]).numpy()}

            # Use 2 actors, each actor using 1 GPU. 2 GPUs total.
            predictions = ds.map_batches(
                TFPredictor, 
                num_gpus=1,
                # Set the ActorPool size to the number of GPUs in your cluster.
                compute=ray.data.ActorPoolStrategy(size=2) 
                )
            predictions.show(limit=1)

        .. testoutput::

            {'output': array([0.625576], dtype=float32)}

.. _batch_inference_batch_size:

> Configuring Batch Size

Author: for the section titles don't we want maximal capitalization?

> Configuring Batch Size

Reviewer 3: Not for Google editorial style. IIRC we don't adhere to a consistent casing in the Ray docs, so let's standardize on the sentence-case for the Data docs?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Configure the size of the input batch that is passed to ``__call__`` by setting the ``batch_size`` argument for :meth:`ds.map_batches() <ray.data.Dataset.map_batches>`

> Increasing batch size results in faster execution because inference is a vectorized operation. For GPU inference, increasing batch size increases GPU utilization. Set the batch size to as large possible without running out of memory. If you encounter OOMs, decreasing the ``batch_size`` may help.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Increasing batch size results in faster execution because inference is a vectorized operation. For GPU inference, increasing batch size increases GPU utilization. Set the batch size to as large possible without running out of memory. If you encounter OOMs, decreasing ``batch_size`` may help.
```

.. testcode::
    
    import numpy as np

    import ray

    ds = ray.data.from_numpy(np.ones((10, 100)))

    def assert_batch(batch: Dict[str, np.ndarray]):
        assert len(batch) == 2
        return batch
    
    # Specify that each input batch should be of size 2.
    ds.map_batches(assert_batch, batch_size=2)

.. caution::

>   The default ``batch_size`` of ``4096`` may be too large for datasets with large rows

Reviewer 2: ack

  (e.g., tables with many columns or a collection of large images).

Handling GPU out-of-memory failures
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you are running into CUDA out-of-memory issues, your batch size is likely too large. Decrease the batch size by following :ref:`these steps <_batch_inference_batch_size>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you run into CUDA out-of-memory issues, your batch size is likely too large. Decrease the batch size by following :ref:`these steps <_batch_inference_batch_size>`.
```

"these steps" isn't descriptive link text

If your batch size is already set to 1, then use either a smaller model or GPU devices with more memory.

For advanced users working with large models, you can use model parallelism to shard the model across multiple GPUs.

Optimizing expensive CPU preprocessing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If your workload involves expensive CPU preprocessing in addition to model inference, you can optimize throughput by separating the preprocessing and inference logic into separate stages. This separation allows inference on batch N to execute concurrently with preprocessing on batch N+1.

Reviewer 3: Not sure if this is extra, but it's an option:
```suggestion
If your workload involves expensive CPU preprocessing in addition to model inference, you can optimize throughput by separating the preprocessing and inference logic into separate stages. This separation allows inference on batch :math:`N` to execute concurrently with preprocessing on batch :math:`N+1`.
```

> See :doc:`Image Classification Batch Inference with PyTorch ResNet18 </data/examples/pytorch_resnet_batch_prediction>` for an example of preprocessing is done in a separate `map` call that is separate from inference.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For an example of preprocessing is done in a separate `map` call that is separate from inference, see :doc:`Image Classification Batch Inference with PyTorch ResNet18 </data/examples/pytorch_resnet_batch_prediction>` 
```

Handling CPU out-of-memory failures
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you are running out of CPU RAM, you likely that you have too many model replicas that are running concurrently on the same node. For example, if a model

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If run out of CPU RAM, you likely have too many model replicas that are running concurrently on the same node. For example, if a model
```

uses 5GB of RAM when created / run, and a machine has 16GB of RAM total, then no more
than three of these models can be run at the same time. The default resource assignments

> of one CPU per task/actor will likely lead to OutOfMemoryErrors from Ray in this situation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
of one CPU per task/actor will likely lead to `OutOfMemoryErrors` from Ray in this situation.
```

> Let's suppose our cluster has 4 nodes, each with 16 CPUs. To limit to at most

Reviewer 3: Avoid first person plural 
```suggestion
Suppose your cluster has 4 nodes, each with 16 CPUs. To limit to at most
```

> 3 of these actors per node, we can override the CPU or memory:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3 of these actors per node, you can override the CPU or memory:
```

        # 3 actors per node, with 4 nodes in the cluster means ActorPool size of 12.
        compute=ray.data.ActorPoolStrategy(size=12) 
        )
    predictions.show(limit=1)

How Ray Data compare to X for offline inference?
------------------------------------------------

.. dropdown:: Batch Services: AWS Batch, GCP Batch

    Cloud providers such as AWS, GCP, and Azure provide batch services to manage compute infrastructure for you. Each service uses the same process: you provide the code, and the service runs your code on each node in a cluster. However, while infrastructure management is necessary, it is often not enough. These services have limitations, such as a lack of software libraries to address optimized parallelization, efficient data transfer, and easy debugging. These solutions are suitable only for experienced users who can write their own optimized batch inference code.

    Ray Data abstracts away not only the infrastructure management, but also the sharding your dataset, the parallelization of the inference over these shards, and the transfer of data from storage to CPU to GPU.

.. dropdown:: Online inference solutions: Bento ML, Sagemaker Batch Transform

>     Solutions like `Bento ML <https://www.bentoml.com/>`_, `Sagemaker Batch Transform <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/batch-transform.html>`_, or :ref:`Ray Serve <rayserve>` provide APIs to make it easy to write performant inference code and can abstract away infrastructure complexities. But they are designed for online inference rather than offline batch inference, which are two different problems with different sets of requirements. These solutions often don't perform well in the offline case, leading inference service providers like `Bento ML to integrating with Apache Spark <https://modelserving.com/blog/unifying-real-time-and-batch-inference-with-bentoml-and-spark>`_ for offline inference.

Reviewer 4: do you want to add a brief explanation why they are suboptimal for offline jobs?

    Ray Data is built for offline batch jobs, without all the extra complexities of starting servers or sending HTTP requests.

>     See `our blog <https://www.anyscale.com/blog/offline-batch-inference-comparing-ray-apache-spark-and-sagemaker>`_ for a more detailed performance comparison between Ray Data and Sagemaker Batch Transform.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    For a more detailed performance comparison between Ray Data and Sagemaker Batch Transform, see `Offline Batch Inference: Comparing Ray, Apache Spark, and SageMaker
 <https://www.anyscale.com/blog/offline-batch-inference-comparing-ray-apache-spark-and-sagemaker>`_ 
```

.. dropdown:: Distributed Data Processing Frameworks: Apache Spark

    Ray Data handles many of the same batch processing workloads as `Apache Spark <https://spark.apache.org/>`_, but with a streaming paradigm that is better suited for GPU workloads for deep learning inference.

>     See `our blog <https://www.anyscale.com/blog/offline-batch-inference-comparing-ray-apache-spark-and-sagemaker>`_ for a more detailed performance comparison between Ray Data and Apache Spark.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    For a more detailed performance comparison between Ray Data and Apache Spark, see `Offline Batch Inference: Comparing Ray, Apache Spark, and SageMaker <https://www.anyscale.com/blog/offline-batch-inference-comparing-ray-apache-spark-and-sagemaker>`_ 
```
